NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
BOWMAN:
We prepared
the WitSec agreement,
included your sons.
Do you have the evidence?
You get it once I know both
immunity and protection are set.
This isn't a game, Tara.
I know
it's not a goddamn game.
This is my life.
Send the documents to Glender.
He says I'm protected.
I'll pick up my boys
and meet you tonight.
GEMMA:
We gotta check you in
by noon tomorrow.
I appreciate all this help.
I just need to understand.
There's a pretty good chance
that Tara's going to jail.
WENDY:
And you want me to help you?
You betrayed me.
But you bought it back.
Jax is never
gonna let me near Abel.
I'll work on Jax.
You just get clean.
Shit that happens in Oaktown
don't stay in Oaktown.
What shit is that?
Word is Jax is handing over
the Irish guns
to August Marks.
Makes a real problem
for all of us.
Have a meet with the MC.
Jax should've thought about that
before killing people.
We found the truck.
Your guns were gone.
Your guys were dead.
Jesus Christ. Who did it?
Lin.
This is all going to shit!
This is why you need
August Marks.
Yeah?
I need help.
Bobby's bleeding again.
The guys are with Jax.
Okay.
You need me to bring anything?
TARA:
No.
Who can stay with the boys?
GEMMA:
They're at my house with Wayne.
You tell Gemma
I pulled this on you.
You had to let me take them.
You had no choice.
Abel, I'm your real mother.
Baby, I'm your mom. I love you--
Shut up.
CONNOR:
That's Marks?
JAX:
That's the boss.
No, no, no!
CONNOR:
Piece of shit.
Don't worry. It ends well.
AUGUST:
Talk to your organization.
Let them know I'm serious about
being in business with them.
If you can provide
the product,
I can put them
in twice as many hands.
You need to unwind, man.
You're making everybody nervous.
SANDY:
Help. There's something wrong
with Juice.
LYLA:
Oxy.
JUICE:
Jax said
it was what I had to do.
Earn my wings.
Darvany?
You killed her?
Still no answer.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
JAX:
She took my sons.
She must have made a deal.
[♪♪♪]
JAX:
There are lessons
to be found here.
But mostly I do this
so you can know me.
Lately as I write these,
I realize they're as much
for me as they are for you.
This is the one place
I can be completely open.
The pen and paper
has no judgment.
No vote.
It simply receives my truth
and allows me to turn the page.
And today,
this is my truth.
I am terrified
a great deal of the time.
Afraid of what I've done,
of what I'm doing,
and of what
I might have to do.
It's not a crippling fear.
In fact,
it's just the opposite.
I thrive on it.
I crave it.
I need that rush of terror
to get me out of bed
in the morning.
It's in my DNA.
[♪♪♪]
I have tremendous remorse
for the acts of violence
I've committed,
both planned
and spontaneous.
But I think what brings me
the most sorrow
is that I've learned
to justify this behavior.
I always find a reason,
a cause, a need
that allows me
the karmic lubrication
to stuff my guilt
into a savage compartment.
I've become the thing
the one I hated.
[♪♪♪]
And with that awareness comes
periods of days,
sometimes weeks,
when I have to avoid
looking into a mirror.
My self-hate is so deep,
so palpable,
I fear I'll lunge
at my own image,
shatter the glass
and cut myself
with shards
of broken reflection.
Since my best friend
was killed,
I've lost my center.
Ope was always my pull back
to true north.
Now my doubt
and sense of fraudulence
barks so loudly in my head
that most of the time
I can't hear anything else.
Love, camaraderie, freedom,
all the things I want
from this life
are lost in the din.
Forgive my indulgence,
sons,
but today may be a day
we both remember.
A defining day.
And I want you to look back
at this entry
and know
that at the very least
your father
was completely honest.
So you know I speak the truth
when I tell you
that you are the most
important thing to me.
I will never hurt you,
never abandon you.
[♪♪♪]
I love you, Abel.
I love you, Thomas.
More than anything
or anyone.
I always will.
Everything I do
is for my sons.
[♪♪♪]
[COOING]
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
ROOSEVELT:
No, keep them on it
till you hear from me.
Tara never came home.
We have units at the house,
St. Thomas and T-M.
I talked to her lawyer
and hospital.
Haven't heard from her.
Yeah, well, she's scared.
Think she's running?
TYNE:
She's too smart for that.
ROOSEVELT:
Yeah.
Well, she's out of options.
By this time,
they'll know she took the boys.
There's no turning back.
BOWMAN:
Do you think Teller
would really kill her
if he found out
what she's doing?
Let's find out.
There you go. Come on.
There you go, champ.
[SOFT-ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY OVER SPEAKERS]
Thanks, honey.
[SLOW MUSIC PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY OVER SPEAKER]
Hey.
TIG:
Hey, baby.
BOBBY:
Hey.
GEMMA:
Darling, you okay?
Yeah, just sore. I'm okay.
You hear from Jax?
Yeah, he's on his way.
He's on his way.
Because I saw Quinn
and a sheriff
outside his house
when I left.
CHIBS:
Aye. Well, we'll get West
at the cabin,
Montez at St. Thomas.
Tara shows up,
we'll be the first to know.
She's probably
already in protection.
No, then why
would there be sheriffs
outside the house?
If she gave up the club,
we'd already be in custody.
We'll figure it out
with Jax. Come on.
Hey.
Give me a minute?
Yeah.
GEMMA:
Sweetheart,
run up to Sarducci's
pick up some sausage
and peppers,
dozen hard rolls,
some sides.
Guys are gonna be hungry.
BROOKE:
Sure.
Sarducci's?
I can make
better sandwiches here.
Come on. I'll introduce you
to my friend Knee-Pads Nina.
She likes them
kind of freaky.
Why do they call her
Knee-Pads?
Wow, where were you hatched?
New Jersey.
It's the Garden State.
BROOKE:
Really?
I like that girl.
She's got sass.
Yeah, she's cute.
Nuts, but cute.
Jax is letting her
work off the damage.
How about you?
Where you at with
working off the damage?
Not as good as you.
You reek of bleach.
Yeah, well,
I've just been staying busy.
Tara's a shitty cleaner.
There's a lot more to do.
You dodged my question.
You okay?
I'm sorry about Diosa.
I just...
lost track of what I took.
Bullshit.
You are not a guy
that loses track, Juice.
You knew taking that many
could kill you.
But it didn't.
Grateful or disappointed?
[CHUCKLES]
I don't wanna die, Gem.
I'm just...
[SIGHS]
a little unsure about how
to live in all this right now.
You gonna tell Jax?
No.
He's got enough shit
on his plate right now.
Yeah.
Nero say anything
about last night?
I think I might've
overshared on a few things.
It's okay.
He knew you were gay.
[GEMMA CHUCKLES]
Don't worry.
You didn't say anything.
And he's not gonna either.
Yeah, okay.
You gotta decide what
you want, sweetheart.
You hear me?
[MOTORCYCLE APPROACHES]
Vulnerability
is a liability.
No place for it
in this life.
Trust me.
I know.
[DOOR CHIMES]
Hey, babe.
Where you been?
Just riding mostly.
I'm okay.
Hear anything?
JAX:
No.
Everyone's upstairs,
brother.
Okay, thanks.
Is Nero at Diosa?
GEMMA:
Stockton.
Be back in a few hours.
Shit.
GEMMA:
Are you kidding me?
I'm about to go catfight
on the colored girl.
JAX:
Mom, not today.
[DOOR CHIMES]
We should talk, Jackson.
[SLOW MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY OVER SPEAKER]
[WHISPERS]
Tell Nero I'll see him at Diosa.
TYNE:
Mrs. Teller.
Suck my white crack.
[DOOR CHIMES]
We can't choose our family,
right?
What do you want?
I think I'd like to talk
to Mr. Teller alone.
Yes, ma'am.
[DOOR CHIMES]
Our ties seem
to be getting deeper.
How's that?
Do you know
where your wife is?
She took the boys.
Little retreat.
Where to?
Why do you care?
We had a meeting.
She missed it.
I'm just trying to find out
if we're going to reschedule.
When I see her,
I'll let her know.
Do you ever struggle
with your need to be a good man?
I struggle
with all my needs.
Just like everyone else.
Mm.
My guess is you struggle
with it every day.
What you are crashing
into who you are.
Are we done?
[CLEARS THROAT]
I know
how much you love Tara.
And I see how deeply
she loves you.
Betrayal
is a very intense feeling.
One that can only be matched
by the maternal instinct
of a mother
protecting her young.
I don't need a lesson
in family feelings.
If you have something to say,
then say it.
Whatever decisions
happen here today,
the outcome lands on you.
Are you willing to let
your family pay the price
for your mistakes?
Is that what a good man
would do?
Because if that happens,
I promise you, son,
it's gonna destroy you.
And everything else
you love.
And that's not
the law in me talking.
That's the flawed mother
who made a lot of mistakes.
You're a husband.
And a father.
And a man.
Before all of this.
Own your place.
[DOOR CHIMES]
[♪♪♪]
Patterson doesn't know
where Tara is.
She was supposed to meet.
She never showed.
So she made a deal?
BOBBY:
Obviously
contingent on something
she was supposed to bring
or do at that meeting.
HAPPY:
What does she have?
She's seen a lot.
JAX:
They want testimony.
You think she's running?
Not with the boys.
She wouldn't put them
through that.
Abel has to be close
to his doctors. It's too risky.
Means she's out there
trying to decide where to jump.
TIG:
And we need to find her first.
[SIGHS]
To convince her that the club
is depending on her.
To convince her not to rat.
And if we can't?
Then we do
what we have to do.
BOBBY:
We will make that call
when we know more.
Right now we just need
to find out
where the hell she is.
Yeah.
Okay.
She has no family here.
The administrator
at the hospital.
She's tight with her.
Okay.
I'll put Montez on that.
And the new lawyer.
Unser knows who it is.
Let's sit on him,
see if he's in touch.
Maybe Barosky can help,
have his cops keep an eye out.
That's a good idea.
Give him a call.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Sorry, guys.
Gentleman to see Jax.
Marcus Alvarez.
[DOOR OPENS]
If you're here for ice cream,
I'm afraid it's just a front.
Jackson.
Marcus.
Heard about Clay.
My condolences.
JAX:
Yeah.
ALVAREZ:
A lot of changes going on
with your club.
Yeah.
You traveling all this way
makes me think
maybe that's a problem.
I have my concerns.
Hap.
JAX:
About?
ALVAREZ:
You and Pope helped put together
the boundaries
and distribution in Oakland.
Us, black, the Chinese.
We're making it work
because we trusted
you'd keep everybody honest.
I never claimed
to be godfather.
I just set up the meeting.
Boundaries and treaties
were a mutual agreement.
Maybe you should've called
another meeting.
One to say
you were giving up guns.
Every move I've made
since picking up that gavel's
been heading
in this direction.
You knew it was coming.
Handing off the guns to Marks.
Gunning down Lin's crew.
Is that something else
we should've seen coming?
[JAX SIGHS]
Irish pissed off Lin.
Took it out on us.
Grabbed one of my guys.
I did what I had to do.
The cartel thing, Jax,
is closing down.
Romeo, he crushed
that Lobo Sonora threat.
Moving that blow and guns,
that was big cash for us.
Losing it,
that shit hurts.
Now, that gun trade would've
filled in the gap.
You should've came to us
with that offer.
Okay, first of all,
you would've never had
that cartel income
if it wasn't for us.
Second, you don't have the reach
or the contacts that Marks has.
Look, Marcus, I get it.
Black taking over guns
looks like a power shift.
But it's not.
August has no interest
in upsetting the balance
in Oakland.
He's just got
the biggest network.
He's insulated,
he's got political ties.
It was our only play
with the Irish.
We're behind two weeks
on the gun shipment.
JAX:
Transition's gonna take
a minute.
ALVAREZ:
I don't got a minute, ése.
Things ain't quite this quiet
in my neighborhood.
And because of your guys,
it's about to jump off.
Marks should've gotten the first
shipment from the Irish.
I'll make a call.
We'll get you your guns.
And talk to August.
Hear it from him.
Oaktown is gonna be
business as usual.
Today.
Yeah, okay.
I want Nero there.
Why?
Nero ain't part
of this business.
We're carving out
a new relationship.
I trust his judgment.
What kind of relationship?
Mayans are setting up
in Stockton.
Since when?
Charter will be live
in two weeks.
Comstock, east side.
I got business in Stockton.
Legitimate business.
Why am I just hearing
about this now?
Come on, ése.
Everything I've been doing has
been heading in that direction.
You knew it was coming.
I'll pick up the guns at the
boneyard like we always do.
Call me.
Problems in taco nation?
Get me King Nero.
[DIALS CELL PHONE]
MAN [SINGING ON STEREO]
♪ Ants, ants, ants ♪
♪ We're runnin' round ♪
♪ Like we've got ants
In the pants ♪
♪ Everybody's got
Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ We've got ants
In the pants ♪
♪ Ants, ants, ants ♪
♪ From above we look like
Ants, ants, ants ♪
♪ We're runnin' round ♪
♪ Like we've got ants
In the pants ♪
[LINE RINGING]
♪ Everybody's got ants
In the pants ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh
We've got ants in the pants ♪
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Hello?
TARA [OVER PHONE]:
Mitch, it's Tara Knowles.
Tara, are you okay?
Yeah.
Where are you?
What happened?
I'm in Lodi. I just--
I needed some time to think.
Patterson had a feeling
that's what was going on.
Look, the deal
is still on the table,
but it has to happen today.
Tell them I'm ready.
I have to bring you in.
Another no-show,
it'll be dead.
No, I want to meet
with you first
to make sure the deal
is what they promised.
All right, uh,
I'm at the courthouse.
I need to get to my office,
pick up the documents.
Okay, I'll, um--
I'll text you where to meet.
See you then.
Bye.
♪ Got ants in the pants ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh
We've got ants in the pants ♪
Was that Daddy?
No, baby.
That was my friend
who's helping us with our trip.
It's gonna be so much fun.
They're gonna take us
to a really cool place.
Lots of things to play with.
Then we get to pick anywhere
in the world we want to go.
We're going on
an airplane?
Yeah, maybe two
or three.
But I need you
to do me a favor.
I think your little brother
might be scared.
Lots of new people,
new places.
He's gonna really need
his big brother.
Hi, stinky monkey.
[THOMAS BABBLING]
[ABEL BABBLES]
[VAN ENGINE STARTS]
So let's play
Follow the Lawyer.
I'd rather play
Let's Run Over the Lawyer.
It's still early.
Find out where Marks is.
CHIBS:
You boys are all here.
Tyler. Rig.
NINER 1:
What up?
CHIBS:
Where's Marks at?
NERO:
You doing okay?
Yeah, yeah.
No word on Tara yet.
Yeah, I talked to Gemma.
Sorry.
How long you known Mayans
were setting up in Stockton?
NERO:
Found out yesterday.
What, you think
I'd keep that from you?
I don't know.
You and Alvarez got family ties.
Did time together.
Yeah, we know each other.
But I don't keep secrets
from friends.
What does that mean?
You believe in karma,
hermano?
You know, something greater
that's moving
all the pieces around.
Not today.
I do.
I know it.
Shit, I feel it
every time I see my boy.
You ever think maybe
all of these bad things
that are happening
to the mother
of your children
just maybe that's because
of some heinous thing
that you did
to another child's mother?
I don't know
where you're going with this--
Please, don't lie
to me twice, Jax.
I know what happened
to Darvany.
I know
what you had Juice do.
What did Juice do?
Killed an innocent woman.
And then you looked at me
in the eye
and you lied to me
about it.
You embraced me
and called me brother.
[MOTORCYCLES APPROACHING]
NERO:
You think shit like that
just gets buried?
Just goes away?
It don't, hermano.
It comes back.
And when it does,
it makes you pay.
ALVAREZ:
Nero.
Hey. Marks? He ain't coming.
Tyler's handling
all the street work now.
JAX:
Jesus Christ.
So how did that go?
JAX:
Little different
than I expected.
TYLER:
Marcus.
ALVAREZ:
Tyler. Good to see you.
Where's Marks?
Mr. Marks can never be a part
of what happens on the street.
We understand
that you got some worries
about how this shift
affects Oaktown.
We ain't got no worries.
Yo, I think we all trying
to understand
what this new business model's
gonna look like.
I assured the Mayans
that nothing changes.
Drug, pussy, street games,
all stay the same.
Just a different face
handling the hardware, right?
That's right.
It's a prettier face.
But everything else
looks familiar.
What about Lin?
What about him?
As long as he stay in line,
he still keep his territory.
What? You keeping everybody
in line now, ése? Is that it?
I already told you, Marcus.
The thing with Lin
was about the Irish and my guy.
That's right.
It doesn't hurt Oakland.
You killed his uncle
and eight of his guys.
How does that
not hurt Oakland?
That's not your worry.
We're gonna deal
with the blowback.
We just reached out
to Henry Lin.
How about you just stay focused
on your guns, gentlemen?
Okay.
I heard
what I needed to hear.
We'll take your guns.
My guys will unload.
Give Rig the cash.
See you next month.
TYLER:
Okay.
Yes, sir.
Okay, brother.
You take care of them.
I guess neither one of us
is important enough
to get Marks on the street.
He can't be seen with
the hardware. I'll arrange--
ALVAREZ:
Wake up, ése.
I'm just a wetback thug,
and you're an obsolete
white boy.
Neither one of us
can eat at his table.
Wanna help us load the guns?
Yeah, sure.
So, what happened
with the Chinese?
Tyler and your boy Teller
gunned them down in cold blood.
My guess,
to impress the IRA.
Close the deal with Marks.
Hold on. Open them up.
Let him see.
That's good.
Give him the money, huh?
What is this sh--?
What are you doing,
hermano?
Just putting food
on our table.
Load them up. Let's go.
[MAYANS SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
ALVAREZ:
See you at the house, huh?
I'll have my guys
keep an eye open,
pass it on
to the other divisions.
How long ago did she split?
Last night.
I don't want anyone
pulling her over, spooking her.
I just need to know
where she is.
I get it.
Look, I'm sorry, kid.
Taking your boys,
that shit's rough.
Yeah.
BAROSKY:
Got some good news.
Navy's back in town.
Colette's doubled her business.
Looks like things
are stabilizing around here.
JAX:
Yeah, I heard. That's good.
The Mayans MC,
you know him?
Alvarez, right?
Yeah.
I just found out he's setting up
a charter in Stockton.
East side.
Won't affect you directly,
but I wanted you to hear it
from me.
Mayans and the Niners,
that beef still on?
No, not anymore.
Hey.
Sorry to interrupt.
Just talked to Bobby.
They followed that lawyer
to a park in Lodi.
Is Tara there?
RATBOY:
Not yet.
But he said the guy's
just sitting in the car,
like he's waiting
for someone.
What park?
Near the strip.
With the kid rides
and the Mother Goose shit.
JAX:
Abel loves that park.
Thanks, Charlie.
You bet. Good luck.
Call Bobby. Tara shows up,
don't let her leave.
Done.
JAX:
Hap, you're with me.
BAROSKY:
When your boss settles
his domestic crisis,
he may have
to deal with another.
What are you talking about?
BAROSKY:
Before you got here,
heard a call on the city band.
Four black guys
in One-Niner ink
gunned down in a junkyard
outside of Oakland.
Fresh motorcycle tracks
all over the yard.
Shit.
I'll take that
as a confirmation.
Mayans are pissed off that
we gave black gun distribution.
BAROSKY:
I saw that coming.
It ain't easy giving up
the crown, boys.
Every peasant and whore
is gonna be fighting
for your jewels.
Don't you worry, Charlie.
Your jewels are safe.
It won't spill
into Stockton.
BAROSKY:
You sure about that?
Where's our boy Nero
land on this?
Brown loves brown.
NERO:
You blindsided me
with that shit, holmes.
I didn't know
it was gonna go down like that.
It just played out.
No disrespect, huh?
[NERO SCOFFS]
I can't be part of that,
Marcus.
I got more than just business
with the MC.
Yeah, I heard.
Clay's old lady.
Yeah.
Yeah, she matters to me.
Look, nobody's trying
to force your hand.
I know you been trying
to get out of the streets.
You deserve it.
Pass it on to your boy
over there.
He looks eager.
Yeah.
And what's that
gonna look like?
Like you're letting go
of Stockton.
You still dreaming
about that farm? Huh?
Then retire, ése.
Go get that shit.
[NERO CHUCKLES]
Just fade away?
Yeah.
Alive and with someone.
That don't happen very often.
Not to guys like us, ése.
We're sitting down
with the Chinese tonight.
Lin's place.
Breaking down Stockton
and Oakland.
It's gonna get bloody
for a while.
Send Fiasco.
Let him represent.
You and me,
we're good, holmes.
[KIDS CHATTERING NEARBY]
TARA:
Come on.
Mommy dearest.
TARA:
You can go ahead.
Cute.
Yeah.
Perfect. In the shade.
[BRIEFCASE CLICKS OPEN]
It's everything
she promised.
Full immunity
for Pamela Toric.
The WitSec is complicated.
Essentially,
you give them that bullet
and your testimony,
allows them to use RICO.
I'd have to testify
in court?
If it went to trial,
most likely, yes.
Okay.
I'm staying
at the Barnes Motel.
Off of Canyon. Room 11.
They can pick me up there.
Heh, it's the first time
he's had fun in days.
Can you--?
Can you give us a little time?
Sure.
I'll let Patterson know.
Looks like she's staying.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Hey.
UNSER:
Anything new on Tara?
The guys don't think
she made a deal yet.
That bitch DA
is looking for her too.
Black?
Uh, yeah, sure.
And what if, uh,
Tara's running?
Jax'll find her.
Do what needs to be done.
Is, uh, Wendy almost ready?
GEMMA:
Yeah.
Thanks for taking her.
Yeah, no problem.
You off to see the pimp?
I am.
Did you go this morning?
Yeah.
Anyone else there?
No.
Just me and the cons
burying him.
What was that for?
I don't know
what I'd do without you.
I love you, Wayne.
I hope you know that.
Yeah, well,
uh, I'm very lovable.
Hey, any word from Tara?
Don't you worry about Tara.
Well, I don't wanna check in
until I know Abel's safe.
Oh. Sure. I'll go out
and score you another balloon,
so you have something to do
while you wait.
UNSER:
You know the drill.
You ain't of any use to your kid
until you get straightened out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just hate
practicing what I preach.
GEMMA:
Tell me about it.
You get well.
We'll come see you
at family day.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
That's terrifying.
You're my family.
GEMMA:
Yes, we are.
No detours.
UNSER:
Yes, Mother.
GEMMA:
I'll be at Diosa.
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
Want some?
Yeah.
Hey, we are gonna have to stop
by my place
so I can grab
some more shit, okay?
Let my landlady know
that I'm gonna be on vacation.
Then, uh,
we should head out soon.
Yeah, okay.
Gemma told me
about your girl and all.
Didn't know if you wanted me
to call her or something.
Oh, no, thanks.
I don't really wanna
rip off that scab right now.
Ah. Yeah.
I get it.
How's your wife?
Uh, she split.
My cancer wasn't exactly
the retirement she had planned.
She's in Boca.
Hooked up with some guy
with a boat.
A goddamn boat.
What a bitch.
Hey, to the bitches we hate.
[CHUCKLES]
So then why are you still
in Charming?
No job, no wife.
I mean, I don't wanna sound
harsh or anything,
but if my clock
were ticking,
I don't think I'd wanna spend
my final time in this place.
[CHUCKLES]
Oh, I don't know.
I guess
because it's the only place
where someone
still loves me.
You still love him?
Jax?
Mm.
No.
We should've never been
married.
We were just drinking buddies
who had some great sex.
Gemma was driving
that wedding train.
She wanted grandkids.
Jax had a good heart.
I always felt safe with him.
I'm afraid that's gone.
UNSER:
I know.
TARA:
Look, there he is.
Here comes Abel.
Here he comes.
Daddy.
JAX:
Hey, buddy.
[TARA SIGHS]
Buddy, let's go play.
[SIGHS]
Sit down.
What are you gonna do?
I just need
to talk to you.
I know you think
you need to do this,
but I can't let you.
You know that.
Please don't...
hurt me
in front of the kids.
That's not what I want.
But that's all there is.
There is no other ending.
[SOBBING]
I have sacrificed
everything for you.
I have tried...
to see what you see,
how you see it, but I can't.
All I see are the lies
and the violence
and how it's changed you.
Turned you into a monster.
I'll die if I have to.
At least I know
I tried to save them
from becoming
what you are.
I never forced my life
on you.
You came back to me.
You're part
of what I am, Tara.
You always have been.
That was my mistake.
Thinking our love, our bond,
was stronger
than the pull of your
history, but it's not.
You were gonna
pull them out of this, remember?
You were gonna break
the cycle.
I know the turmoil
you live with, Jax.
I feel the pain
you wake up with every day.
And now you condemn your sons
to that same torture?
They will suffer
with this.
[SOBS]
Will you let me say goodbye
to them before you take me?
I'm not going to hurt you.
I'm not going to hurt them.
You don't have to run.
Not anymore.
What am I supposed to do?
Just be a good mother.
Save our boys.
Please.
[AMBIENT DUB MUSIC PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY OVER SPEAKERS]
Hey.
You been in Stockton
this whole time?
Yeah. How long you been,
uh, waiting?
Long enough.
Everything okay?
You been in the barrio
a lot.
Shit with my crew.
Mm.
Any word on Tara?
No.
I was gonna head over to Jax's
and finish up some work.
Came by to see
if you wanted to come with.
No.
Complicated day.
Yeah, no shit.
You wanna talk about it?
No.
Mind if I do?
Not now.
Sorry, Gem--
What's going on?
Nothing, nothing. I just...
I just got some shit
that I gotta work out,
and I need to be alone
for a while.
What do you mean,
"a while"?
Right now. Okay?
Yeah, okay.
Jesus Christ.
Gemma.
What?
I can't handle this shit today.
Do not play with me.
I can't do this!
What are you talking about?
If I were to tell you right now,
let's just go, Mama,
get away, you and me,
out of Stockton,
out of Charming...
What the hell happened?
...would you come with me?
Could you leave
all this behind?
Your boy?
Your club?
You know I can't make
that choice.
I know, I know.
I know.
But I have to.
What are you saying?
Jesus Christ.
Are you dumping me?
You son of a bitch.
NERO:
No, no. No, wait.
Unh!
Get off of me!
You asshole!
NERO:
Gemma.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[POLICE RADIO CHIRPS]
[TYNE CLEARS THROAT]
We need to speak with you.
Alone, please.
Uh, give us a minute.
What is this?
This is me
owning my place.
Here's how it works.
I turn myself in
as the source of the KG-9
that Matthew Jennings used.
Just me. Not my club.
You drop all charges
against Tara.
I can't protect her
with that.
TARA:
I won't need it.
Nothing will happen to her
or my boys.
She's free to take them
anywhere she wants.
You get the real devil
responsible for the death
of four kids
and an innocent woman
is set free.
Where are your boys now?
JAX:
They're at the ice-cream shop
with my guys.
I'm gonna go and spend
some time with them.
Then I'll meet you
at our house at 6:00.
Turn myself in.
TARA:
That's the only deal.
Are you sure you want this?
Yes.
I've called my lawyer,
and he's putting it together.
[SIGHS]
If you don't honor this...
I will.
I'll let everybody know.
And I'll keep Lieutenant
Roosevelt posted here.
Okay.
Thank you.
I love you.
There's gotta be
another way.
There's not, man.
I can't ask my wife
to take the hit for us.
And I'm not letting it
land on the club.
Maybe this is
what was supposed to happen.
Why I've been so hellbent
on trying to get us out of guns.
I hate this.
JAX:
I know, brother.
What are they
charging you with?
JAX:
Possession, conspiracy.
With the parole violation
and the priors,
I hate to say,
they're gonna hang you.
Surrendering buys me
some good faith.
Tara's lawyer thinks
they'll settle for 25.
Parole in 10,
maybe seven if I'm lucky.
Jesus.
I'm good with it.
I'll still get to see
my boys grow.
And we got the club
in a good place.
I mean, shit's a little bumpy
with brown,
but that'll iron out.
Did you talk to Alvarez and Nero
after the buy?
No. All quiet.
You should tell
the rest of the club.
No.
You should tell
the rest of the club.
I don't want it.
JAX:
You're always talking
about what is best
for the club, Bobby.
You leading is best.
With him at your left,
we have a chance.
Just keep moving
towards legitimate shit.
Get Caracara up and running.
T-M back on track.
Samcro will be fine.
Chibs?
Yeah.
Okay.
There's one more thing.
I was wrong about Juice.
He can't be trusted.
Why? What happened?
Bring him up to speed.
Aye.
I'm gonna go
be with my boys.
All right, good.
We'll look after
your family, Jackie.
Whatever Tara wants,
you support it.
BOBBY:
Of course.
Thank you.
I love you both so much.
[CHUCKLES]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[LOCK CLICKS]
Hey.
You okay?
I been calling you.
Did you drop off Wendy?
Yeah.
You, uh, talk to Jax
or the guys?
No.
Why, what happened?
I, uh...
I got a call
from Tara's lawyer
looking to pull police archives
from Charming.
They're arresting him, Gem.
I guess Tara made a deal.
[SIGHS]
I gotta finish some things.
Whoa, where you going?
To work.
Uh, my truck is blocking you
in the driveway.
Let me drive.
I'm fine, Wayne.
Hey, maybe you don't remember
what happened
last time I let you drive
in this condition.
It wouldn't matter anyway.
I'm never gonna see
my grandsons again.
Hey, man, I'm feeling, um--
Feeling really light-headed.
Would you get my pills?
Uh, the heart ones?
Yeah.
They're in my bathroom.
In a white bottle.
All right, just relax, okay?
Yeah.
[OVER SPEAKERS]
♪ --way they wanna go ♪
♪ What looks like a raging fire
Are your dreams and desires ♪
♪ Ending up like ashes
On the ground ♪
♪ If you'll consider me
A chance ♪
Thank you.
♪ To falter
Through a dance ♪
CHIBS:
Bye, darling.
UNSER:
Hey.
BROOKE:
TIG:
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah.
ABEL:
Uncle one.
I know some
of what's happening, son.
The guys will fill you in.
Someone better
fill your mom in.
Yeah, we've been trying
to find her.
She was at the house.
I'm not sure where she went.
She was, uh,
in pretty bad shape.
She took my truck.
I'll find her.
Yeah, okay.
Come to Uncle Chibby.
BOBBY:
Ah. What's on my head?
[DOOR CHIMES]
[JUICE SIGHS]
Gonna miss you, brother.
You betrayed me.
BOBBY:
To the ceiling.
Stuck to the ceiling.
[BOBBY GROANING]
ABEL:
If it goes to the ceiling,
it's gonna break.
Is Wayne here?
Not sure.
I'm, uh, glad it turned out
this way, Tara.
I know it's still a sad day
for your family,
but it's the right thing.
I know.
Wayne?
Hm.
He's probably helping Jax.
Ah.
All right, well,
I'm gonna go wait outside
for Patterson, okay?
Yeah.
Thank you.
[THUD NEARBY]
Hey, Wayne, is that you?
[TARA GRUNTING]
[GEMMA SCREAMS]
I'm looking for Gemma.
She's not here.
I just dropped off Tara.
She took Unser's truck.
[GLASS SHATTERING]
[GEMMA SOBBING]
Oh, my God.
GEMMA:
Had to be done. Had to be done.
I had work to do.
Had to be done.
ROOSEVELT:
What did you do?
She did this. She did this.
She made a deal.
She betrayed him.
Tara didn't rat, Gemma.
Jax gave himself up
to protect her.
To keep her safe.
We got--
[GEMMA CRYING]
[NOAH GUNDERSEN & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "DAY IS GONE" PLAYING]
[THOMAS FUSSES]
Tara will come pick them up
after I go.
[NOAH GUNDERSEN & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "DAY IS GONE" PLAYING]
♪ Take it back ♪
Take care of yourself.
♪ I would take it back ♪
♪ For just another minute ♪
♪ Just another chance
With you ♪
♪ Give it up ♪
[CRYING]
♪ I would give
Everything up ♪
I love you, brother.
♪ Every last breath
Every first taste for you ♪
♪ Just to make it
All right ♪
We're all good.
♪ But it's too late ♪
♪ To go back ♪
♪ I can see the darkness ♪
♪ Through the cracks ♪
♪ Daylight fading ♪
♪ I curse the breaking ♪
♪ The day is gone ♪
[SNIFFLES]
JAX:
Love you, brother.
We'll be okay, brother.
♪ I'll just run away ♪
CHIBS:
Love you, my brother.
♪ Like a child ♪
♪ From all of them to you ♪
♪ Now I see ♪
♪ My most constant
Mistake ♪
♪ Is I don't know what I love
Till it's gone ♪
JAX:
Love you.
♪ But it's too late ♪
♪ To go back ♪
♪ I can see the darkness ♪
♪ Through the cracks ♪
♪ Daylight fading ♪
♪ I curse the breaking ♪
♪ The day is gone ♪
[CRYING]
♪ It's too late ♪
♪ To go back ♪
[DOOR OPENS]
♪ I let the darkness ♪
♪ Seep through the cracks ♪
♪ Love is bleeding ♪
♪ I curse my breathing ♪
♪ The day is gone ♪
Glad you're here, my friend.
♪ Give it up ♪
♪ I would give
Everything up ♪
♪ Every last breath ♪
♪ Every first taste
For you ♪
♪ Just to make it
All right ♪
♪ But it's too late ♪
♪ To go back ♪
♪ I can see the darkness ♪
♪ Through the cracks ♪
♪ Daylight fading ♪
♪ I curse the breaking ♪
♪ The day is gone ♪
♪ Run away ♪
♪ I'll just run away ♪
♪ Like a child ♪
♪ From all of them to you ♪
♪ Now I see ♪
♪ My most constant
Mistake ♪
♪ Is I don't know what I love
Till it's gone ♪
♪ But it's too late ♪
Babe?
♪ To go back ♪
♪ I can see the darkness ♪
♪ Through the cracks ♪
♪ Daylight fading ♪
♪ I curse the breaking ♪
♪ The day is gone ♪
[CRYING]
[DOOR OPENS]
JAX:
I'm sorry.
♪ It's too late ♪
JAX [SOBBING]:
I'm so sorry.
♪ To go back ♪
♪ I let the darkness ♪
♪ Seep through the cracks ♪
♪ Love is bleeding ♪
♪ I curse my breathing ♪
♪ The day is gone ♪
[SOBS]
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]